what's up everybody Master Fuji here
today I have a case for my galaxy s6
edge oh this is the unicorn beetle
rugged case by suitcase
I believe the just stands for super case
it comes a three parts
it comes with the front frame I'm gonna
call it front for you the rear frame
which is actually the case and this is a
TPU hard plastic design and then it
comes with a holster so let's put it
together and see how it fits the first
step to doing this is to grab your front
frame here and put it over your pillow
do it volume side first and then just
snap it down by pushing it over let's
see if we can do this here there we go
so that's in there the phone actually
stays in there quite well by itself and
then we slip this piece with the phone
in it into the hardshell case with the
TPU edges so let's go ahead and do that
now I'm not sure what the best way to do
this is but I'm gonna try again with the
volume button side first and then just
try and go around with the flops open
here if I can
sorry guys I put that on camera for a
minute and this is pretty tough to get
it so far re I got in it seems that TPU
actually comes over the edge of the
front frame here so let's keep pushing
that in push this corner in let's see
alright God said you know we're just
gonna go down the side here and press
that in once we get this fully on here
which it now
looks like it is we actually have the
fall case built the charging ports down
here and well the charging port in the
headphone jack has the nice covers like
I mentioned and they actually stick in
quite well you have access to your home
button where you screen on but in order
what I have a set screen on and there's
a big new print sensor so let's see
yep so that works with it you have you
see your speaker here at the top you can
see your camera you can see the light
sensors and you should be able to see
the notification light no problem on the
back you have access to your flash in
heart rate sensor you have access to
your camera and yeah overall it does
make the phone quite a bit wider on so
if you like your phone small and thin I
don't know if this would be the case for
you but it does feel like it's going to
offer a lot of protection and then uh to
put it in a holster here they recommend
putting it screen down otherwise they
say you'll wreck the holster so you
slide it in to the side that does not
have the clip over here to pump clip you
slide it in and then just push it in and
you heard that click hopefully and now
that's in there so if you want to use
the holster now you can clip it on to
your bill you click on view shirt if you
want you anything you want on the camera
how she has you know good half a
centimeter um got between it and the
outside of the key so the calls like
that it's not gonna hurt anything there
release the phone just push that numbers
oh you put her face down your screen is
definitely not going to be touching any
people you put it on
which might actually be really good for
the light or the edge feature for
incoming calls itself from people oh
let's go ahead and turn it on here and
unlock it and let's see if the edge
works that seems to work just fine I
hope you guys can see that all are you
said it yeah everything is to be working
your home button
Siri synapse that's all working back
we're so yeah it's a really rugged case
so I mean if you need to take this to
work or you're an active person this
should give your edge boy a lot of
protection all the key seems to fit
really well okay even stick a fingernail
on between the poet in the case there's
no real gaps yeah yeah so this is the
unicorn beetle rugged case prone
suitcase I hope you guys enjoyed the
video
it's a scrub for more thanks guys